What's wrong?
Didn't you go to a beauty pageant?
How did this come back?
What a beauty pageant?
You were blind and didn't choose me
I actually chose Jiang Lili
How is that possible?
Didn't I say hello to your Uncle Liu and Uncle Li?
Dad, you have to make the decision for me?
I lost a lot of face today.
That's disgusting.
I'm not alive without it
Good father will make the decision for you
Oh, but Huimin.
Your brother is gone now
We don't have Nanjing either.
You must take Xu Lin'an
Firmly in hand
in case
In case my father is gone one day
Are you better than Jiang Lili these days?
What am I afraid of?
My brother died to save Lin An
That's it.
Lin Anke has to take care of us for the rest of our lives
Sure enough, the gun is still old
Tao Huimin
Your father's brain is much clearer than yours
You are Jiang Lili
Tao Zhengde, we received a report from the masses
You are suspected of bribing the official judges
The evidence is solid
Is this a mistake?
Your position as village chief has been revoked
Please come to town with us
Yeah, why are you looking at me?
It was Tao Huimin who told me
You pay for the same judge
So he could win the championship?
No, not me.
It was him who framed me
He deliberately lied to me
Why did I raise such a pig brain as you?
Lao Wang
Hey you
Jiang Lili, you bitch
Tao Huimin
You remember
You owe Jiang Lili, and I will treat you as clear
But see me later
It's better to go around the dots.